Collection of grammar and syntax changes (#13)
aseprite/docs: overview.md

**[Image & Sprite](sprite.md)**:

>   * [Create a new Sprite](new-sprite.md) or [Open a saved Sprite](open.md)

Author: My main contention is the term "existent". We don't generally use it in that way. I've seen simply `Open File...`, as everyone "generally" considers that you can't open one that doesn't already exist.

>   * [Create a new Sprite](new-sprite.md) or [Open a saved Sprite](open.md)

Reviewer: It should say "Open an existing one". I'd prefer to avoid using "Open" and "saved" in the same phrase in this item.
```suggestion
  * [Create a new Sprite](new-sprite.md) or [Open an existing one](open.md)
```

>   * [Create a new Sprite](new-sprite.md) or [Open a saved Sprite](open.md)

Reviewer 2: @brickviking would you mind to make the suggested fix?

>   * [Create a new Sprite](new-sprite.md) or [Open a saved Sprite](open.md)

Author: Okay, now I'm officially confused. Anyhow, change pushed back to "Open an existing one" for now.
